I learned from TUF docs
the problem can be divided into 3 parts
1: left boundary excluding leafs
2: all the leaf nodes in Left to right manner
3: right boundary excluding leafs in reverse order

for solution we need to write 4 functions
1: isLeaf() -> this returns boolean, whether a node is a leaf or not
2: leftBoundary() -> this basically gives us the left boundary
3: rightBoundary() -> gives the right boundary in reverse order
4: addLeafs() -> gives all the leafs from left to top level manner

below starts the process of traversal from the main function

2: leftBoundary() ->
    To traverse the left boundary, we can set a simple iteration. Initially, we make the cur pointer point to the root’s left. In every iteration, if the cur node is not a leaf node, we print it. 
    Then we always try to move left of the cur pointer. If there is no left child, then we move to the right of cur and in the next iteration, again try to move to the left first. 
    We stop our execution when cur is pointing to NULL.

    here basically we pass the root to the function and then we make the curr point to its left. Now we run a while loop
    till that curr != null, now we check if curr is leaf or not, if its not leaf then we add it to the list,
    now this means the curr node will have at-least 1 child either left or right
    so we check first if its left is null or not, if its not then we make curr point to left, meaning we traverse left first, dfs way
    else we will make curr point to right and repeat the while loop
    in case the node curr is pointing to is a leaf then in the end curr will update to null and the while loop ends
    we don't add leaf nodes here as for them separate function call is there

4: addLeafs() ->
    To print the leaf nodes, we can do a simple preorder traversal, and check if the current node is a leaf node or not. If it is a leaf node just print it.

    Please note that we want the leaves to come in a specific order which is bottom-left to top-right, therefore a level order traversal will not work because it will print the upper-level leaves first. 
    Therefore, we use a preorder traversal.
    as we print root first then we visit left most part of the tree first and after finishing it we go to right starting from left 

    here basically we do preorder traversal and we first check whether the root passed is a leaf or not, if yes
    add it into the list
    then check if its left is not null, call recursion on left and similarly on right afterwards

3: rightBoundary() ->
    We need to print the right boundary in the Reverse direction. It is very similar to the left boundary traversal. We initialize our cur pointer to the right child of the root node and set an iterative loop. 
    To achieve the reverse direction, we take an auxiliary list. In every iteration, we check if the current node is not a leaf node then we push it to the auxiliary list. 
    Then we first try to move right of cur, if there is no right child only then we move left. We stop our execution once cur points to NULL.

    Now the auxiliary list contains the nodes of the right boundary. We iterate from the end to start off this list and in every iteration, push the value to our main boundary traversal list. 
    This way we get the nodes in the reverse direction.

    similar to left boundary, just call recursion and pointing is done on the right child first then on the left child


now in the main function we create a universal list ans and we add the root first, since it was clashing from both
left boundary and right boundary, and then call leftBoundary() then addLeaf() and lastly rightBoundary();


the optimisation we can do is
1: in right boundary instead of using temp array we can use stack to push element, which on pop will result in reverse
   order

2: add the root==null -> return;
    statements in the functions
